[21224] Update release support table (#4990)
eProsima/Fast-DDS: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] The PR has a milestone assigned.
- [ ] The title and description correctly express the PR's purpose.
- [ ] Check contributor checklist is correct.

> - [ ] If critical bug fix, backport to the 2.6.x branch has been opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If this is a critical bug fix, backports to the critical-only supported branches has been requested.
```

> - [ ] If this is a critical bug fix, backports to the critical-only supported branches has been requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If this is a critical bug fix, backports to the critical-only supported branches have been requested.
```
